OpenGov Links Learn - Maintain (#4746)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-opengov.md

import Fellowship from "./../../components/Fellowship";

:::info Participating to OpenGov

> For participating in OpenGov see the [dedicated pages](../maintain/maintain-guides-opengov.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For participating in OpenGov, please refer to this [dedicated Wiki page](../maintain/maintain-guides-opengov.md).
```
